hi that's it missed punt so here I
am going to make a video a bit special
because we are in my room that you
suddenly do not see me and I actually
decided to show you to young people in May
that here we are
it's been a while since we 've had it
asked and I never do it and that's it
but finally I tell myself that with that
you'd like it so I'm going there
splint here is it
in fact here his demons old offices
but as in fact well I do not know
is quieter work is killing
oddly moment I'm working in my
reads like a common
I do not know what to say
well, I have my makeup on it
in the morning master so I have some
candles that hang around there I have a
very pretty kit of marine landrot where
I put some stuff so I have to
I'm talking about chocolate game
what does it matter I have a lot of brothels
especially I'm sorry so here I have my
little corner make up so with class and
the elbow room brushpot and
as she uses a brush I put it
in there and then I have two mates to
brushes one for the eyes and one for the
facial tissues of course that's
important
I'm in a bathrobe here is the double type
dender who is dirty that I must
throws
brush cleaner from at make up
for ever of the body powder a
little glitters and urban decay here is
I have some pencils for my eyes
I am quite often
so the nuts names the violets finally
that's what
and here it's a little bit basic
that I use every day so we
task to glomel take my base watch
for sources there is the BB cream of
sheffield chaos simon eyelash curler
there is the concealer here the calanque the
pallet that is there finally short this is my
mascara all this finally all the stuff
that I use every day more or
less and then here you have the famous
alex from ikea or phase iia all my
makeup globally in here so
you have jewels quickly that's it
face and a full bottle of water on
which I put a fishnet stockings so
that's it's actually jacques rock a
earring I have some perfumes
but I do not have everything
I have jewelry made in short but
what does it matter when you first
drawer I have everything about the
dyed here are the sun powders the
illuminators here we went to the Caribbean
that 's what I 'm going to say is his voice
I generally have sunburns
especially illuminators here here I like
and bluff so it's a little bit
brothel but hey I'm trying to
organize more vividly the ja too much
mix a palette of blush mac
that's little blush so
punctually here I have naze blushes
blushes to students blushes mac
here is my body said preferred I
Keeping it well at your fingertips
because I love him then here there is
all the eye shadows that are
shot in mono when that's stuff
that I bought at ikea in poisons
like that and lego is also behind so
there are the cream eye shadows and
there all the eye shadows that sound
in mono so that 's the help of sephora
of unique that does not have much of
laureate the infallible ground
bourgeois that matters there I also
for a little brothel but that's it
then here a compartment c at
compartment covered simply
that eminent drawers so here I have some
mascaras that I need to use
I have shots of small bases here
Highlanders of jumbo still to
liquid high liner is in the hands cream
age and glitter in skin of
glitter in high liner do you want in
green one is full of hot soup and
szczesny pts 1 2 are still here it's
all my little palettes
I call it small pallets
you will tell me but what is
it's small pallets down I'm
for a small roof pallet fire so
there are these of make up for ever yamamah that
here there is air and types of home
all faced a day ago at Nazi's at the
pie xi late massage and a little bit of everything
but palace of the world there is a
again here was the joke not the jobs
indicated finally all that they are rather
little in fact foursome of the stuffs
foo thing is good and then
fasting big drawer for the masses you
because I'm a granny for them
big blades is so all the book of
shadows here are the weiss pallet the
pencil clip all that all that what
short
I have a lot of things there
in and at the 88 also is below
then here is the lips so you
would have done that it's a trick too
stay at ikea so go to work
if there are lipsticks is the
lip pencils also there voila
that's what the global eat but
especially but global eve mac in these
buildings there and then there I have them
dissatisfied actually a little bazaar must
really I'm redoing the organization
but I do not hide that I have a little
laziness so and that's it and when
lift there I like and lip balms
colorful here after there is my drawer
hair or there is my straightener all that
all that not very interesting and that's
the drawer to fos he will give you this is
the sick but I'm sick of
fossils 1 I already wanted to say so of the
blow here all the fossils all
the fossil boxes here also the glue
the the
sticks them in short stuff here
what is it all that was enough
fast but will send as what finally
here I know there are plenty of people who
allowed me to be mesh alain lo
I'm not making this video for you
show how much I have
makeup goals because I know
that you are quite fond of smoking rooms
I love to watch how the girls
tidy up their makeup
so here it is said that it could suddenly
to please some so far I have a
little elmer in which georges especially
a lot of 2
of everything that just hangs out for you
show I think that's my drawer
so I actually did here change everything
but my friends here is not synonymous with
mass masses but I like it and
the love that's here and after the rest for
always to help brothel where
I tidy
it's just below they do not interfere
like that and that's so I hope it
please and then suddenly I'm you
leave alone
kisses